There was September the 13th, 1981.
Put your students in there.
Very good.
Very good love for the blessing.
You know, pray for them.
I came cold with them.
Feel the love and the sound of life.
They don't feel old.
I want to start a new series as we lead into our church anniversary, and it is a little of a month away, a hundred and forty-fifth church anniversary.
And so I'm going to start with a new series this morning that we want to title in covering the culture, in covering the culture.
I think that it is the church's responsibility to
challenge the culture and not go along with the culture.
That it is the church's responsibility to be conscious of the culture.
The church's responsibility to be the thermostat and not the commandment.
And we are the change.
We are bringing it.
We are to follow ourselves with the culture to the extent
then we made a difference.
Now you have to be careful about that because they did it this one time, and they bought some water and threw frog in, and financially, he caught down a screw to the coolant.
So then they put him in a pot of water, and they eased the temperature up, and they balled over death.
Because he adapted to this culture.
And the church must be careful.
Not to adapt, openly so, to the culture.
So for a very several weeks, that's what we want to deal with.
Engaging, or encouraging, I think it is engaging the culture, engaging the culture.
One of the biggest, if this is chapter 13,
at her side and following, as we look at the story.
And then I'm trying to make a sense to see that I'm a big creature.
And I can't walk that far.
So I'm trying to make a sense to the magic of this y'all pray for me.
and look out for such a tea, because she's home alone.
Now we're going to go by and check on her.
And feed her.
She and Coco.
Genesis chapter 13 verse 5, and follow her.
And a lot with Abraham also had flocks and herds and tents.
So that the land could not support all of them doing it there.
For their possessions were so great.
that they would not do it all together.
And that would strike between the herds from the laybrand's livestock, and the herds from the lost livestock.
At that time, the Canaanites and parasites will do it in later.
Then they would sit in the lock, better be no strike between you and me, between your herdsmen and my herdsmen, for we are kingsmen.
It's not the whole name before you.
Suffer interests come from you.
If you take the living hand and I won't go to the right, or if you take the right hand and I won't go to the left.
And a lot lifted up his eyes and saw that the joint band was well worn everywhere like the dark of the Lord, like the land of Egypt.
is the direction of Zor.
This was before the law of destroyed Sa'qim, the law.
So, law chose for himself all during that, and law jenemies, thus they separated from each other.
They ramped seven with the lay of Canaan, while lot among the cities of the valley, and moved his tent as far as Sa'qim.
Now the men of Iowa were women, great senators against the law.
Thank you, you may have a series.
In this passage before us, we see like Matthew Weber making choices and decisions solely based
of what he sees and perceives to be the most fertile ground.
No prayer, no discussion, yes.
No good to the eyes.
And then a few folk come up with me and then go.
When you make choices,
of what was a school to the eyes.
You're heading around.
And so I want to tag this text with the subject, A life of compromise.
A life of compromise.
Abraham represents the covenant of God with his people.
God has been with him all this
soldier before the war, and they are both blessed beyond mention, materialistically speaking.
They are both blessed beyond mention.
To the point that the day came when they had to suffer this place, this portion of ground is not big enough for the goals of us.
And rather than having our courage for fighting, and we have a civil war between ourselves, Abraham says, YouTube, you make the final decision, and you go left out the right.
If you go right out the left, and we see from last decision making, and last choices in the matter, that he does not consult God.
April at least had an element of devotion and element of consecration before the law, but not just makes arbitrary choices and decisions.
And I'm trying to suggest to us as the people of God that you can't just off the top of your head begin to make decisions.
Because it will lead you to a life of compromise.
When you settle, if you notice, he chooses to land, the book says, near Saad.
And when we read, we will find that he moves closer to Saad.
And then ultimately, we'll find him in Saad.
Can I tell you that same will be the one thing?
It'll take you further than you want to go.
in the key of all the things you want to step in and across the world if you want to make it.
You can't believe what sin you can't make when sin you cannot be a Christian and live a life of compromise.
We've got to come out from among them.
That is not that we don't like people, we don't love people, we don't share with people, but we cannot
continue to live a life that is not consistent with the principle of God.
And the church of karma said, in a bad way, much like not in this past.
So let me let it for you.
First of all, Locke was weak in vision of oceans.
It's about earth's all.
Abraham had lost him.
Lot had flocks, herds, and tits.
He was preoccupied with his possessions.
Abraham had devotion and knew that God could keep him from sin, but he also knew that sin would keep him from God.
So Abraham knew that he kept himself in touch with God, but life on the other hand, drifting.
That's what I want to talk to you about his morning.
You have to be careful not to drink.
Christianity is a struggle.
You got the word at devotion.
You got the word at commitment.
You got the word at trust and God.
If these are the drip down tree, a dead fish can drip down tree.
The challenge is when the old kids die.
So don't forget everybody.
Everybody do it.
You know what your momma told you?
And every bunch of us are going for you, won't you?
And I didn't compromise.
He was weak and devotion, even coming up in the church, two or three and four times a week.
That's not even enough.
If there is no devotion in your pain in life, you are in danger of drifting.
And it isn't a clue.
One time it becomes too
Because people allowed yourself to trip to the neighborhood and say, ain't good to say it.
Y'all couldn't say that.
I said, oh, I think we know right here.
I mean, I'm not talking how about the new year.
Anything you say, you need to be sure that you are not weak in the ocean, in the hole.
You don't have your old friend.
Ladies, when you know you didn't meet them,
without being distributed.
If a pig is personal, intimate relationship with God, likely collected such a relationship because he was weak in just the moment.
Suddenly he was worldly in his desire.
Verse 10 says that life shows sorrow because it reminded him of the land of Egypt.
that he had once been saved from.
Each of his is a symbol of work.
So that he was worldly in his desire.
I don't even step on your toes unless they hit the wing.
That some of us are so worldly, we don't even look like churches.
Once in a time, we at least love churches.
Now, I suppose even look worldly.
We don't even look like we're going to check.
We have to pick the true real capital for some of it.
All right, baby, don't do it.
Don't do it, man.
You didn't lie for truth.
The family makes special.
It's worth it.
And our desires.
He chose to be near solid.
And the folks there, this was before God destroyed, and it was full of wicked, great sinners before God.
And listen, listen, with this same sex marriage, and this whole section, you have to feel on the rise, and all of this foolishness going on.
You better extract some kind of judgment that comes from God.
Does that God don't give up?
In America, the old son will make your mom run out of hell tomorrow.
Something is going to happen if the church does not stand up and be the church.
The world in his desire is not asked if this is a good place to raise cattle, but he didn't worry about rivery children.
Some of us Jews raised us for several years that are not
Convenient places to raise and to rid our children.
People really make money but not to go spiritually.
How can I feed myself?
But not how can I be fed from heaven?
How can I serve myself?
Not how I can myself serve God.
He was world in his desire.
And some of us work in so many jobs.
She was walking in the step with the world.
It shouldn't have been a part of the covenant we're waiting for.
But the soul connected in the world.
They moved in the suburbs.
And before you know it, it was a downtown sign.
And then when it all took an inventory, when it all took account of the city couldn't find timber out to speak.
So we destroyed the whole city's outside of the river.
And did you think he'd sleep?
No, no, no, no.
Now, you cannot let this make righteousness.
Oh, you're walking hard.
The Supreme Court has spoken, and the same sex troubles legally can get mad.
And I have absolutely no problem with them getting mad, so I didn't.
And I got all potted potted potted.
That's what they're saying right now.
They're going to walk down there.
But I never want you.
And you ain't gonna come up with your father's name.
But if you come up with him, we gonna hear what I don't have to say.
The supreme judge of the universe.
And he's still here saying, man, oh, and it's me, man.
It's so fucking hard.
Well, then it is divine.
The man looked good, saw him to have the lights, and the street lights, downtown saw him to have it going on.
And it's cold, it's a picture, it's a drug.
You know how we need it.
We allow ourselves to get caught up in the fast life.
And you've seen some of your classmates, and you know what it's like to be even physical.
Some of your last ladies' mates look like your grandpa.
Because you can't keep up with the whole planet.
You can't burn the panel on both ends and end in the middle.
World man is desire.
And then he was wrong in his decision.
Lock children, first 13, lock children.
Now this is God allowed us to choose
our own path.
But he definitely allows us to choose what desperation that path will need to.
God allows us to choose anything we want, except for the consequences.
You made the choices.
But he honors the consequences.
As a matter of fact, we have to deal with the consequences of our choices.
When I tell you, every decision we make to at least some degree affects the direction of our future.
So if you get home by one degree at an area of patience, one degree will end up being a major degree.
Y'all miss it.
If you try to get from here to Houston, and you rhyme not properly, you would be the shape of being a waste.
But if you fool around,
and turn and get a whole can of hell.
It's going to be mighty hard to get on the call for it.
Because just one bad decision can wreck your destination.
For the most part, our decisions are determined by our desire.
The decisions may seem small enough, but you will never know about those rules we'll need.
So I'm tempted to be careful about the choices that you make.
Be careful about the decisions that you make.
Dear life troubles, and he lives for him with the consequences of that world environment decision.
Life was weak and history.
World and his desire are wrong in his decision.
And I want to tell you that belief to the life
of compromise.
And the one thing that we can't afford to do is to settle for compromise.
You remember I told you about the fraud that was destroyed in the capital because he adapted to the post.
And I'm trying to tell us this morning, don't stay in the wrong capital.
Pay attention to your surroundings.
Be the capital of the phrase you choose to run
Because you can't solve what you do and run the treaties at the same time.
You've got to decide who's side you're on.
And all around the scripture, the Bible talks about making a decision.
The Bible talks about making a choice.
And so by another, there are many of us who want to keep putting on decision-making time.
But I am telling you, the time is not.
When you need your video, you'll learn.
Who's on the law side?
And to me, I'm a presidential one.
And to me, at my house, we will serve the law.
When I think about how close the law has been released, when I think about how close the law has brought me from, I can't help but serve the law.
Because he's done too much for me.
You build a tree, so I got to serve the law until I got that.
I got to give a praise because the law has been so good to me.
He's open the doors, with a cold in my face.
He's been by my side, every step of the way.
So every time I get a chance,
Continue with me, everybody down.
Let everybody here.
Don't know that pain will serve us all.
Pray to make it see, do we make it dark?
more.